---
title: "Let's Get Clinical S1 E3: Rizwana Dakri and Mina Pun"
author: joseph.falconer
tags: 
  - Let's get clinical
---
<!-- excerpt start -->
<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0CFokzJ5n20JD8J7jonLI8?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
<!--excerpt end -->

Hello and welcome to Let's Get Clinical. This week we are a host down but to make up for it we have two guests! We welcome Rizwana Dakri and Mina Pun to discuss their careers thus far and how they have experienced diversity throughout their research journey.




Riz Dakri is a Senior Research Nurse Manager at Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust (GSTT), where she has made significant contributions over her impressive 25-year tenure. With a deep commitment to advancing patient care and clinical research, Riz has spent the last 10 years specializing as a research nurse, leading initiatives that bridge the gap between healthcare practice and innovative research. Her extensive experience and leadership in the field have helped to foster a culture of excellence and collaboration, ensuring that patients receive the highest quality of care while participating in ground-breaking studies. Riz is passionate about mentoring the next generation of nurses and continues to advocate for the importance of research in improving health outcomes.





MIna Pun is a Clinical Dental Research Nurse at GSTT, where she has made a great contribution towards research. Mina has a wealth of experience in dental research, with years of experience in a variety of dynamic clinical settings including hospital, community and general dental practice. Mina has worked in a wide variety of dental specialties, including: orthodontics, periodontics, prosthodontics, oral medicine, restorative dentistry, oral and maxillofacial surgery, Implant. Paediatric dentistry, inhalation sedation, IV sedation and general anaesthetic nursing. She is a dedicated clinical research nurse with 2 years of experience in clinical trials.
