---
title: "Let's Get Clinical S1 E2: Professor Ronak Rajani"
author: joseph.falconer
tags: 
  - Let's get clinical
---
<!-- excerpt start -->
<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5BIkRUtQbssDSiMaSfa41A?utm_source=generator&t=0" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
<!--excerpt end -->

Welcome back to Let's Get Clinical! This week we welcome Professor Ronak Rajani who is a consultant cardiologist in cardiac imaging (echo and CT) and heart valve disease at Guy’s and St Thomas’ NHS Foundation Trust. He is also a Professor of Cardiovascular Imaging at King’s College London and the NIHR CRN lead for cardiovascular Research in South London. In this episode we discuss Prof's mentors, how to be involved in being a clinician and academic and much more!

Professor Rajani is trained in all forms of multimodality cardiac imaging (cardiac ultrasound, cardiac CT, cardiac MRI and nuclear cardiology) and was the first and only recipient of the BCS/ACC Advanced Cardiac Imaging Fellowship in 2010. This involved 6 months of training at the Royal Brompton Hospital in CMR and Nuclear Cardiology and 6 months at the Cedars Sinai Medical Centre in Los Angeles (CT and PET).


Professor Rajani has an interest in advanced plaque analysis, CT planning for structural intervention and the development of novel applications of cardiac CT with bioengineering and computer processing. He has published in excess of 240 manuscripts in multimodality imaging and has international research collaborations with the US, Europe and Asia.


Professor Rajani is a lead panel member for NICE and sits on the MTAC for novel CT technologies and is on the international sub-committee, best abstract and abstract grading committee of the SCCT. He holds level III accreditation with the SCCT and EAVCI and was awarded Fellow status to the SCCT (FSCCT) for his scientific and service contributions to cardiac CT. In 2023 he was awarded honorary Fellowship to the Royal College of Radiologists (FRCR) for his enduring contribution to education and research in the field of cardiac CT. Professor Rajani is an advisor to industry on CT acquisition protocols for TMVR and has contributed book chapters to the Oxford Handbook of Cardiac CT, the EAVCI handbook on cardiac CT and the ESC Textbook of Cardiovascular Imaging. He is part of the examination writing committee for the EAVCI CT certification exam and is a faculty member of the EAVCI course on Cardiac CT. In 2015 Professor Rajani founded the London CT Academy and thereafter developed the world’s first online CT training course with Professor John Rumberger and the educational company Medmastery. The London CT Academy is now one of the largest of its kind in Europe and has trained more than 350 clinicians from around the world in cardiac CT.


Alongside his considerable experience in cardiac CT, Ronak has 20 years’ experience in cardiac ultrasound (TTE, TEE, Stress echo). He undertook his MD thesis on aortic stenosis from 2002-2005 and he has held British Society of Echocardiography Accreditation for more than ten years. He is an accredited FICE Trainer and Mentor and founded the original FAME Academy with Professor John Chambers in 2013.

Professor Rajani has more than 6510 citations and has an H-index of 41. He is passionate about teaching and education and aims to deliver innovative training courses for a new generation of clinicians with a passion for cardiac imaging like himself.
